---
title: "Club feedback survey"
date: "2014-09-19"
categories: 
  - "clubnews"
---

<table style="border: none;"><tbody><tr><td>Further to a recent survey please read on to see the results and feedback. Otherwise <a href="http://www.wherwellcc.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/Survey-Results.pdf">click here to download the official PDF document.</a><div></div><div></div><strong>Q1. Availability for 2015</strong> 0-20% - 2 20-50% - 5 50-75% - 6 75-100% - 12<div></div>3 people skipped this question<div></div><strong>Q2. What would improve the club? </strong>Covers – 91% Bowling Machine – 5% New Mowers – 4% Other answers -"Practice nets" -"Bore hole and Watering System"<div></div>0 people skipped this question<div></div><strong>Q3. Thoughts on Membership </strong>Cheap – 7% About right – 82% Expensive – 11% Other answers -"I'm not totally sure on the difference between them all tbh"<div></div>0 people skipped this question<div></div><strong>Q4. How can we attract more players? </strong>Advertise Knock on doors Promote clubs Contact local clubs<div></div><strong>Q5. How do you think the club is run?</strong> Shambles – 0% Could be better – 33% Okay – 56% Brilliant 11% Comments: -"Communication from field to committee could be better and visa versa." -"People in wrong positions within the club"<div></div><strong>Q6. What would you change within the club?</strong> Action Plans Better Attitude of players Right people in correct positions Promote the youth club better<h1>The Chairman’s proposals</h1><strong>Q1.</strong> Aim to bring more players in (see below) <strong>Q2.</strong> The club are looking to buying covers and a watering system over the winter months. We need to collect all owed money and encourage money up front from players to help cash flow. <strong>Q3.</strong> Membership – Glad most people think this is right. We have tried over the years to gauge it and provide a system that is beneficial to the player and club. <strong>Q4.</strong> We are going to run a strong campaign over the winter. Jez will run this. <strong>Q5.</strong> We will try and improve the communication within the club from players to committee and visa-versa <strong>Q6.</strong> We have got a 5 year plan that is circulating the committee at the moment so once agreed it will be published and players should be able to see the direction we are working towards.<div></div>Attitude of players – I will keep an eye on this as the clubs’ reputation is key to bringing in new players and developing current players.<div></div>Promote the youth players – Give them more of a chance in the seconds. Majority of last season the youth were invited to play games for the seconds but the general feeling is they don’t believe they are ready yet.</td></tr></tbody></table>
