---
title: "Wherwell v Whitchurch 2nd XI (home, 08/06/2013)"
date: "2014-07-27"
---

Whewell hosted Whitchurch under clear blue skies with the ground looking splendid. With the visitors winning the toss wherwell were asked to bat on what appeared to be a good strip. The opening pair of Nigel Horne and Mick Ling started well and had made reasonable progress before horne was well caught behind from an inside edge, this heralded the introduction of Oliver Emslie who settled quickly and batted well with Ling. Having taken the score to 70 Emslie played a little early and chipped the ball to mid on for 19, Ling still going well was joined by Cray Sams who continued his recent good form. Ling brought up a 50 with a straight drive and with Sams the score moved towards the 150 with Ling looking set for a Ton but it was not to be as he mis-judged the line and lost his off-stump for 87. Sams carried on in the face of tight bowling and with a flurry of late wickets the home side closed on 168 for 5 with Sams 39 not out.

Having taken tea and with a spring in their step the bowlers set about their task, Emslie picked up an early wicket and Anthony Barnes bowling down the slope also got some reward in his first league appearance of the season. With wickets falling regularly Wherwell applied good pressure in the field and with some assistance from the strip Rob Weeks bowled a tidy spell picking up 2 wickets. The prize wicket fell to Ling and wherwell looked to have the match won but a late flourish from the tail took the game to the final over with the visitors needing 13 to win, Ling had the ball and with the field spread far and wide it was the vetran wherwell skipper who held his nerve and lead his team to a 6 run victory. Pick of the bowling was Emslie with 10-2-14-3 and Barnes 10-1-37-2 but the team as a whole were superb with performances in the field matching those with the bat.
