---
title: "Cadnam 3rd XI v Wherwell (away, 27/07/2013)"
date: "2014-07-27"
---

With the forecast of heavy rain KJM sponsored Wherwell made the journey to Minstead in the New Forest not expecting to get much cricket played against a Cadnam side sitting alongside the visitors in the league. Suprisingly the game got underway on time under leaden skies with Wherwell invited to bat on what looked a traditional strip with plenty of grass and a few hoof prints fortunately well short of a length.

From the off it was clearly going to be a high scoring track, good bounce but a lack of pace meaning anything short could be attacked and both openers quickly found the pace with Harry Trebert being particularly aggressive, the score raced to 52 before the tenth over was up but a full in swinger finally did for the young opener for 33, Mick Ling carried on in traditional style until being removed by a change of angle from the home spinner. This saw Charlie Ingrem enter the game in typical fashion, he took an immediate liking to the home bowlers and was soon clearing the pavilion with ease, once again Stephen Bonser (17) was going well and the 2 took the score beyond 150. Ingrem brought up his 50 but then perished next ball, a lack of concentration saw him get a leading edge and the keeper ran around for a simple catch. With the score at 152 for 6 from only 30 overs Wherwell needed to see the overs used to ensure a good total, Paul Whyton joined Bonser and the hope was for these 2 to take the bulk of the remaining overs however it ended too soon for Bonser as he was run out for the 3rd week in a row backing up after a firm drive was deflected by the bowler onto the stumps. With 3 members of the U15 team batting at 9,10,11 whyton dug in happy to play out maidens as the rain drifted in and out, Jacob Williams perished after a good sensible innings bowled off what should have been a no ball but Nick Baughen showed maturity and with whyton taking the attack to the bowlers brutally over cover they took the score to 218 before both fell in the final 2 overs.

Rain fell during tea but once again the match restarted with no loss of time.

Nick Baughen opening the bowling for the first time in senior cricket got a wicket in his first over thanks to a well taken catch by U15 team mate Ben Connor, this looked to be a good start but even though the bowling and fielding was tight there seemed to be 1 boundary found in every over as the home side kept just ahead of the D/L rate. Harry Trebert once again lead the attack well and got reward in his 5th over, Adam Cook was once again the most successful bowler with 2 wickets from his 10 overs but with steady rain falling and the ball turning to soap the batters took control, edges went into gaps or over head and the runs kept coming. It was no surprise when the winning run was squirted through the offside with 7 overs remaining. Wherwell though can take much from this performance, they have played worse and won and with 5 player 16 and under the nucleus of a strong squad is clear to see.
